feat(actions): adding new action 'draft' to convert PR to draft (#3302)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/draft.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Mergify Documentation for Draft action
   :keywords: mergify, draft, pull request
   :summary: Convert pull requests to drafts. Useful to avoid pinging reviewers too early.
   :doc:icon: file-invoice

.. _draft action:

draft
=====

The ``draft`` action converts the pull request to a draft. It avoids
pinging reviewers too early and until the pull request is ready to be merged.

Examples
--------

📜 Converting a Pull Request to a Draft on Check Failure
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If any of your continuous integration checks fails, it might be worth converting
the pull request to a draft automatically since it's likely not ready to review.

.. code-block:: yaml

    pull_request_rules:
    - name: convert to draft
      conditions:
        actions:

>           draft:

Reviewer: nop, see previous comment

.. meta::
   :description: Mergify Documentation for Draft action
   :keywords: mergify, draft, pull request

>    :summary: Convert pull requests to Draft. Useful to avoid pinging reviewers too early.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :summary: Convert pull requests to drafts. Useful to avoid pinging reviewers too early.
```

>    :doc:icon: trash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :doc:icon: file-invoice
```
https://fontawesome.com/v5.15/icons/file-invoice?style=solid

.. _draft action:

draft
=====

> The ``draft`` action converts the pull request to a draft, avoiding 
> this way to ping reviewers until the pull request is ready to merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``draft`` action converts the pull request to a draft. It avoids
pinging reviewers too early and until the pull request is ready to be merged.
```

Examples
--------

> 📜 Converting Pull-Request to Draft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📜 Converting A Pull Request to A Draft on Check Failure
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You might want to work on your Pull-Request a bit more until it is
> ready for a review. To avoid automatically pinging reviewers before
> it is ready to merge, you can convert it to draft using
> the ``draft`` action by writing a rule such as:
> 
> .. code-block:: yaml
> 
>     pull_request_rules:
>     - name: convert to draft
>       conditions:
>         actions:
>           draft:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of your continuous integration checks fails, it might be worth converting the pull request to a draft automatically since it's likely not ready to review.

.. code-block:: yaml

    pull_request_rules:
    - name: convert to draft
      conditions:
        - "#check-failed>0"
      actions:
        draft:
```
